docs/uxuy-connect/tonconnect.md, before:

---
sidebar_label: "TON Connect"
sidebar_position: 4
---

# TON Connect Integration

This document provides information on how to integrate the TON Connect for UXUY Wallet.


# Ton Connect SDk

TonConnect is an open protocol that connects wallets and DApps (Web3 applications). It uses a bridge (JS Bridge or Http Bridge) to establish a connection between two applications and/or devices and starts communication.
Uxuy Wallet fully supports TonConnect.

## TonConnect SDK Packages and UXUY Wallet Integration Demo

ton docs:
- [ton docs](https://docs.ton.org/develop/overview)
- [TonConnect Official overview](https://docs.ton.org/develop/dapps/ton-connect/overview)

sdk packages:
- [@tonconnect/ui](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tonconnect/ui)
- [@tonconnect/ui-react](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tonconnect/ui-react)
- [@tonconnect/ui api](https://ton-connect.github.io/sdk/modules/_tonconnect_ui.html)
- [@tonconnect/ui-react api](https://ton-connect.github.io/sdk/modules/_tonconnect_ui_react.html)


UXUY Wallet integration demo:
- [quickstart-demo for @tonconnect/ui](https://github.com/uxuySafe/examples/tree/main/examples/tonconnect-v2/src/pages/tonconnectUi)
- [quickstart-demo for @tonconnect/ui-react](https://github.com/uxuySafe/examples/tree/main/examples/tonconnect-v2/src/pages/tonconnectUiReact)






## UXUY Wallet Integration

To integrate the TonConnect SDK into the Uxuy Wallet, follow the steps below:

### Step 1: Install the TonConnect SDK package and initialize :

use  @tonconnect/ui 

```ts
npm install @tonconnect/ui 

```
use  @tonconnect/ui-react
```ts
npm install @tonconnect/ui-react 
```

### Step 2: Initialize the TonClient and TonConnect objects:

 `manifestUrl` is the URL of the manifest file that contains information about the DApp. [manifest](https://docs.ton.org/develop/dapps/ton-connect/protocol/requests-responses#app-manifest)

 `walletsListConfiguration.includeWallets`  can be used to add custom wallets to the list of supported wallets.

`restoreConnection` is a boolean value that determines whether the TonConnect SDK should attempt to restore an existing connection with the DApp.


###  UXUY Wallet  `walletsListConfiguration.includeWallets`  configuration:

Add the following configuration to the `walletsListConfiguration.includeWallets` array in the `TonConnectUI` constructor:

```json
 
  {
        "name": "UXUY Wallet",
        "appName": "uxuyTonWallet",

        "universalLink": "https://t.me/UXUYbot/app",
        "bridgeUrl": "https://bridge.tonapi.io/bridge",
        "imageUrl": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uxuycom/uxuy-docsite/main/static/assets/UXUYWallet-logo/UXUYWallet_logo_circle.svg",
        "platforms": ["android", "ios", "linux", "windows", "macos"],
},
```



use  @tonconnect/ui 
```ts
    import { TonConnectUI  } from '@tonconnect/ui'

    const tonConnectUI =  new TonConnectUI({

        restoreConnection: true,
        walletsListConfiguration: {
            //custom wallets list configuration here
            includeWallets: [
                {

                    name: "UXUY Wallet",
                    appName: "uxuyTonWallet",
                    
                    // we will support tonconnect-v2 in the future
                    // jsBridgeKey: "uxuyTonWallet",
                    aboutUrl: "https://uxuy.com",
                    universalLink: "https://t.me/UXUYbot/app",
                    bridgeUrl: "https://bridge.tonapi.io/bridge",
                    imageUrl: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uxuycom/uxuy-docsite/main/static/assets/UXUYWallet-logo/UXUYWallet_logo_circle.svg",
                    platforms: ["android", "ios", "linux", "windows", "macos"],
                }

            ]
    },

    manifestUrl: "<Your manifest url>",
    // manifestUrl: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uxuySafe/examples/bb930d695232f2a9d900dfe69f429604dc00bbea/examples/tonconnect-v2/public/tonconnect-manifest.json",
})

```

use  @tonconnect/ui-react
```ts
import { TonConnectUIProvider } from '@tonconnect/ui-react';

    <TonConnectUIProvider
        //  manifestUrl={`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uxuySafe/examples/bb930d695232f2a9d900dfe69f429604dc00bbea/examples/tonconnect-v2/public/tonconnect-manifest.json`}
        manifestUrl={`<Your manifest url>`}
        walletsListConfiguration={{
            includeWallets: [
                {
                    name: "UXUY Wallet",
                    appName: "uxuyTonWallet",

                    // we will support tonconnect-v2 in the future
                    // jsBridgeKey: "uxuyTonWallet",
                    aboutUrl: "https://uxuy.com",
                    universalLink: "https://t.me/UXUYbot/app",
                    bridgeUrl: "https://bridge.tonapi.io/bridge",
                    imageUrl: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uxuycom/uxuy-docsite/main/static/assets/UXUYWallet-logo/UXUYWallet_logo_circle.svg",
                    platforms: ["android", "ios", "linux", "windows", "macos"],
                }
            ]
        }}>
            <App/>
        </TonConnectUIProvider>

```

### Step 3: Add the TonConnect UI button to the UI of the DApp:

use  @tonconnect/ui 
```tsx

// open Single Wallet Modal:
<button onClick={() => tonConnectUI.openSingleWalletModal("uxuyTonWallet")}
    >Connect to UXUY Wallet</button>

// open Multi Wallet Modal:
 <button onClick={async () => { tonConnectUI.openModal() }}>openModal</button>


 // get current wallet info:
  const unsubscribe = tonConnectUI.onStatusChange(
            walletInfo => {
                console.log("onStatusChange", {  walletInfo });
         
            });
//  remove listener      
// unsubscribe()

```

use  @tonconnect/ui-react
```tsx
    import { TonConnectButton, useTonAddress, useTonWallet, Locales, useTonConnectUI, useTonConnectModal,  } from "@tonconnect/ui-react"

    
    function App() {
        const [tonConnectUI] = useTonConnectUI();

        return <>
        
             {/*  open Single Wallet Modal: */}
             <button onClick={() => tonConnectUI.openSingleWalletModal("uxuyTonWallet")}>Connect to UXUY Wallet<button>

            {/*  open Multi Wallet Modal: */}
            <TonConnectButton> Connect to TON UI </TonConnectButton>

        
        </>
    }


    {/* // get account address : */}
    const AddressInfo = () => {
        const userFriendlyAddress = useTonAddress();
        const rawAddress = useTonAddress(false);

        return (
            rawAddress && (
                <div>
                    <span>User-friendly address: {userFriendlyAddress}</span>
                    <span>Raw address: {rawAddress}</span>
                </div>
            )
        );
    };

```


### Step 4: sign and send transactions using TonConnect SDK:

use  @tonconnect/ui 

```tsx

<button onClick={ 
    async () => {
        const transaction = {
            validUntil: Math.floor(Date.now() / 1000) + 60, // 60 sec
            messages: [
                {
                    address: "UQA_ofPvh6hDWmGGIC9ZTaULpC18HxSEDSyuRxZSH4z3mDJk",
                    amount: "100000",
                },
                {
                    address: "UQA_ofPvh6hDWmGGIC9ZTaULpC18HxSEDSyuRxZSH4z3mDJk",
                    amount: "600000",

                }
            ]
        }
        const result = await tonConnectUI.sendTransaction(transaction);
    }
}>
    sendTransaction
</button>

```

use  @tonconnect/ui-react
```tsx

const [tonConnectUI] = useTonConnectUI();

  async function sendTon() {
        const myTransaction = {
            validUntil: Math.floor(Date.now() / 1000) + 60, // 60 sec
            messages: [
                {
                    address: "UQCiLpPEi53uFdA4r3fNSZc_XMBJrtG24B4nzL7dPhQ3nytp",
                    amount: "1",
                    // stateInit: "base64bocblahblahblah==" // just for instance. Replace with your transaction initState or remove
                },
                {
                    address: "UQAvIWV8KxUsqWk5k639PLID_9NlaiVSqGbVcc-IdKPZOrjc",
                    amount: "600000",
                    // payload: "base64bocblahblahblah==" // just for instance. Replace with your transaction payload or remove
                }
            ]
        }
        const result = await tonConnectUI.sendTransaction(myTransaction)
        return result
    }

```

Commit message:

feat & fix tonconnect.md:Added warning prompt that Ton Connect code scanning cannot be built with own SDK
fix and added warning prompt that Ton Connect code scanning cannot be built with own SDK

docs/uxuy-connect/tonconnect.md, after:

---
sidebar_label: "TON Connect"
sidebar_position: 4
---

# TON Connect Integration

This document provides information on how to integrate the TON Connect for UXUY Wallet.


# Ton Connect SDK

TonConnect is an open protocol that connects wallets and DApps (Web3 applications). It uses a bridge (JS Bridge or Http Bridge) to establish a connection between two applications and/or devices and starts communication.
Uxuy Wallet fully supports TonConnect.

## TonConnect SDK Packages and UXUY Wallet Integration Demo

TON docs:
- [TON docs](https://docs.ton.org/develop/overview)
- [TonConnect Official overview](https://docs.ton.org/develop/dapps/ton-connect/overview)

SDK packages:
- [@tonconnect/ui](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tonconnect/ui)
- [@tonconnect/ui-react](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tonconnect/ui-react)
- [@tonconnect/ui api](https://ton-connect.github.io/sdk/modules/_tonconnect_ui.html)
- [@tonconnect/ui-react api](https://ton-connect.github.io/sdk/modules/_tonconnect_ui_react.html)


UXUY Wallet integration demo:
- [quickstart-demo for @tonconnect/ui](https://github.com/uxuySafe/examples/tree/main/examples/tonconnect-v2/src/pages/tonconnectUi)
- [quickstart-demo for @tonconnect/ui-react](https://github.com/uxuySafe/examples/tree/main/examples/tonconnect-v2/src/pages/tonconnectUiReact)


## UXUY Wallet Integration

To integrate the TonConnect SDK into the UXUY Wallet, follow the steps below:

### Step 1: Install the TonConnect SDK package and initialize :

#### use  @tonconnect/ui 

```
npm install @tonconnect/ui 
```

#### use @tonconnect/ui-react

```
npm install @tonconnect/ui-react 
```

### Step 2: Initialize the TonClient and TonConnect objects:

 `manifestUrl` is the URL of the manifest file that contains information about the DApp. [manifest](https://docs.ton.org/develop/dapps/ton-connect/protocol/requests-responses#app-manifest)

 `walletsListConfiguration.includeWallets`  can be used to add custom wallets to the list of supported wallets.

`restoreConnection` is a boolean value that determines whether the TonConnect SDK should attempt to restore an existing connection with the DApp.


###  UXUY Wallet  `walletsListConfiguration.includeWallets`  configuration:

Add the following configuration to the `walletsListConfiguration.includeWallets` array in the `TonConnectUI` constructor:

```json
  {
        "name": "UXUY Wallet",
        "appName": "uxuyTonWallet",

        "universalLink": "https://t.me/UXUYbot/app",
        "bridgeUrl": "https://bridge.tonapi.io/bridge",
        "imageUrl": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uxuycom/uxuy-docsite/main/static/assets/UXUYWallet-logo/UXUYWallet_logo_circle.svg",
        "platforms": ["android", "ios", "linux", "windows", "macos"],
},
```

use  @tonconnect/ui 
```ts
    import { TonConnectUI  } from '@tonconnect/ui'

    const tonConnectUI =  new TonConnectUI({

        restoreConnection: true,
        walletsListConfiguration: {
            //custom wallets list configuration here
            includeWallets: [
                {

                    name: "UXUY Wallet",
                    appName: "uxuyTonWallet",
                    
                    // we will support tonconnect-v2 in the future
                    // jsBridgeKey: "uxuyTonWallet",
                    aboutUrl: "https://uxuy.com",
                    universalLink: "https://t.me/UXUYbot/app",
                    bridgeUrl: "https://bridge.tonapi.io/bridge",
                    imageUrl: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uxuycom/uxuy-docsite/main/static/assets/UXUYWallet-logo/UXUYWallet_logo_circle.svg",
                    platforms: ["android", "ios", "linux", "windows", "macos"],
                }

            ]
    },

    manifestUrl: "<Your manifest url>",
    // manifestUrl: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uxuySafe/examples/bb930d695232f2a9d900dfe69f429604dc00bbea/examples/tonconnect-v2/public/tonconnect-manifest.json"
})

```

use  @tonconnect/ui-react
```ts
import { TonConnectUIProvider } from '@tonconnect/ui-react';

    <TonConnectUIProvider
        //  manifestUrl={`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uxuySafe/examples/bb930d695232f2a9d900dfe69f429604dc00bbea/examples/tonconnect-v2/public/tonconnect-manifest.json`}
        manifestUrl={`<Your manifest url>`}
        walletsListConfiguration={{
            includeWallets: [
                {
                    name: "UXUY Wallet",
                    appName: "uxuyTonWallet",

                    // we will support tonconnect-v2 in the future
                    // jsBridgeKey: "uxuyTonWallet",
                    aboutUrl: "https://uxuy.com",
                    universalLink: "https://t.me/UXUYbot/app",
                    bridgeUrl: "https://bridge.tonapi.io/bridge",
                    imageUrl: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uxuycom/uxuy-docsite/main/static/assets/UXUYWallet-logo/UXUYWallet_logo_circle.svg",
                    platforms: ["android", "ios", "linux", "windows", "macos"],
                }
            ]
        }}>
            <App/>
        </TonConnectUIProvider>
```

### Step 3: Add the TonConnect UI button to the UI of the DApp:

#### use  @tonconnect/ui 

```tsx
// open Single Wallet Modal:
<button onClick={() => tonConnectUI.openSingleWalletModal("uxuyTonWallet")}
    >Connect to UXUY Wallet</button>

// open Multi Wallet Modal:
 <button onClick={async () => { tonConnectUI.openModal() }}>openModal</button>


 // get current wallet info:
  const unsubscribe = tonConnectUI.onStatusChange(
            walletInfo => {
                console.log("onStatusChange", {  walletInfo });
         
            });
//  remove listener      
// unsubscribe()
```

#### use  @tonconnect/ui-react

```tsx
    import { TonConnectButton, useTonAddress, useTonWallet, Locales, useTonConnectUI, useTonConnectModal,  } from "@tonconnect/ui-react"

    
    function App() {
        const [tonConnectUI] = useTonConnectUI();

        return <>
        
             {/*  open Single Wallet Modal: */}
             <button onClick={() => tonConnectUI.openSingleWalletModal("uxuyTonWallet")}>Connect to UXUY Wallet<button>

            {/*  open Multi Wallet Modal: */}
            <TonConnectButton> Connect to TON UI </TonConnectButton>

        
        </>
    }


    {/* // get account address : */}
    const AddressInfo = () => {
        const userFriendlyAddress = useTonAddress();
        const rawAddress = useTonAddress(false);

        return (
            rawAddress && (
                <div>
                    <span>User-friendly address: {userFriendlyAddress}</span>
                    <span>Raw address: {rawAddress}</span>
                </div>
            )
        );
    };

```

### Step 4: sign and send transactions using TonConnect SDK:

#### use  @tonconnect/ui 

```tsx
<button onClick={ 
    async () => {
        const transaction = {
            validUntil: Math.floor(Date.now() / 1000) + 60, // 60 sec
            messages: [
                {
                    address: "UQA_ofPvh6hDWmGGIC9ZTaULpC18HxSEDSyuRxZSH4z3mDJk",
                    amount: "100000",
                },
                {
                    address: "UQA_ofPvh6hDWmGGIC9ZTaULpC18HxSEDSyuRxZSH4z3mDJk",
                    amount: "600000",

                }
            ]
        }
        const result = await tonConnectUI.sendTransaction(transaction);
    }
}>
    sendTransaction
</button>
```

#### use  @tonconnect/ui-react

```tsx

const [tonConnectUI] = useTonConnectUI();

  async function sendTon() {
        const myTransaction = {
            validUntil: Math.floor(Date.now() / 1000) + 60, // 60 sec
            messages: [
                {
                    address: "UQCiLpPEi53uFdA4r3fNSZc_XMBJrtG24B4nzL7dPhQ3nytp",
                    amount: "1",
                    // stateInit: "base64bocblahblahblah==" // just for instance. Replace with your transaction initState or remove
                },
                {
                    address: "UQAvIWV8KxUsqWk5k639PLID_9NlaiVSqGbVcc-IdKPZOrjc",
                    amount: "600000",
                    // payload: "base64bocblahblahblah==" // just for instance. Replace with your transaction payload or remove
                }
            ]
        }
        const result = await tonConnectUI.sendTransaction(myTransaction)
        return result
    }
```

## Warning
The development environment cannot scan the code and currently does not support:
- UXUY is designed for single device use and does not have a QR code scanning scenario.
- The official SDK of Telegram Mini Program has an implementation path, especially the PC version used by this developer.

If you encounter this situation in the future, please use TON's official SDK for development:

[TON Connect Docs](https://docs.ton.org/develop/dapps/ton-connect/overview)
